	Agnes Sampson was born in late 16th Century Scotland. She studied folk healing arts for use in midwifery and soon became enthralled with Astronomy, Astrology, and Alchemy when led there by the more esoteric practices uncovered in her work. With a home laboratory ever accumulating more and more strange artifacts and scientific devices, she soon drew the suspicion of the provincial and superstitious villagers. Among the social upheaval and mass hysteria of the ensuing witch-trials, she was eventually tortured into confession of a pact with the devil, garroted, and burned at the stake. Having drawn the interests of the demon Beleth, one of the great Kings of Hell, she was approached by him at the height of her suffering in the form of an owl with feathers as white as the ash at her feet. She welcomed the cloying numbness his touch brought to her mind, accepting deliverance from her physical predicament and enhancements to her already prodigious psyche in exchange for her oath to spend eternity studying the cosmos and relaying the secrets back to the mind of Beleth, the Lamentable.

	Agnes seeks the wisdom and magick contained within the Iridian Ruins as part of her servitude to Beleth, although her own curiosity and hunger for knowledge are often in line with his goals. In her survival and studies during the period after her attempted execution, she learned to master the fecund powers of disease and flesh, to move objects by willpower alone, and even to control portions of the energy that hold planets and stars in sway. Wolf demons follow her commands as agents of Beleth's army in Hell, and are compelled to obey their masters. If she succeeds in uncovering the secrets of the antediluvian Ruins, and the rumored Labyrinth somewhere within, she plans to devastate the Earth with the power of the Great Star Aldebarran, making it as quiet as a graveyard and a perfect environment to spend the eons studying the cosmos and its dark secrets.

"The witch-hunters put a hate in my heart stronger than the bonds of life and death. I have seen the stars turn to dust at the edge of the universe. I have seen the microscopic fate of mankind among the infinite sea of existence." -Agnes Sampson, 1798