	Ali Mohammed lived in the late 19th and early 20th century, a part of the untouchable caste during the British occupation of India. He performed as a fakir in the streets of Patna, piercing his skin with lances, chewing glass bottles, and meditating for hours on a bed of nails. A member of one of his many audiences fell in love and sought him out at every performance. His mind was detached and his gaze was focused beyond the trivialities of mundane life, and so he failed to keep a proper distance between himself and the girl, a daughter of a British officer. Upon seeing them together, the officer was incensed and set upon the fakir that night with a band of his men. Ali hardly resisted, so accustomed was he to pain. His lack of response only further inflamed his attackers, who wrapped him in a canvas sail and buried him alive in a refuse heap without even eliciting a response from the population of the city.

	Under the weight of so much rubbish and rotting filth, suffocated by the tightly wrapped canvas, Ali slowed his breath and pulse until he was as of the dead. He was dug up after two days by clandestine members of the cult of Azathoth, who were planning to use the body in esoteric rituals. They laid him on a low table under dusky lamps in some forgotten hovel, where more pedestrian inhabitants of the city rarely tread. Upon letting his blood drain and massaging the skin with alchemical saltes, the corpse of Ali stiffened, raising one clawed hand towards the lamp hung from the ceiling. The cultists sprang back with fear and awe. The half-mummified corpse of Fakir Ali soon after showed them the true secrets of the dead.

	Fakir Ali has devoted his undeath to unraveling the strands of the body and soul. He is a master of pain, endurance, and hypnotic suggestion. He seeks the Iridian Ruins to see how its master at the heart of the Labyrinth has cheated death these many centuries.

"The only true enlightenment comes through pain. Come, let me show you the way..." - Fakir Ali, 1935